feat(curriculum): add animations to block 3.2 of the English Curriculum (#54033)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/21-a2-english-for-developers/learn-how-to-talk-about-hobbies-and-interests/657da34294cbf695b2bfe889.md

title: Task 26
challengeType: 19
dashedName: task-26
---

<!-- (Audio) Linda: I do! I've liked riding my bike since my childhood. It's not just a hobby; it's a way of life to me. -->

# --description--

> The Present Perfect Tense can be used with the word `since`. People use `since` to talk about *when* something that is still happening now started. For example, `I have liked painting since I was a child.` This means they started liking painting when they were a child and they still like it now. Remember: you can abbreviate the auxiliary verb `have` as `'ve`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Present Perfect Tense can be used with the word `since` to discuss the starting point of ongoing actions or conditions. For instance, `I have liked painting since I was a child.` implies that the speaker began to enjoy painting in their childhood and continues to do so. Note: the auxiliary verb `have` can be contracted to `'ve`.
```
